Update istio docs, use istioctl for installation (#7573)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/istio.md

### Istio Configuration and Installation

To enable Datadog APM, a [custom Istio installation][3] is required to set two extra options when installing Istio.

- `--set values.global.proxy.tracer=datadog`
- `--set values.pilot.traceSampling=100.0`

```shell
istioctl manifest apply --set values.global.proxy.tracer=datadog --set values.pilot.traceSampling=100.0
```

> Traces will be generated when the namespace for the pod has sidecar injection enabled. This is done by adding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traces are generated when the namespace for the pod has sidecar injection enabled. This is done by adding
```

the `istio-injection=enabled` label.

```shell
kubectl label namespace example-ns istio-injection=enabled
```

Traces are generated when Istio is able to determine the traffic is using an HTTP-based protocol.

> By default, it will try to automatically detect this. It can be manually configured by naming the ports in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Istio tries to automatically detect this. It can be manually configured by naming the ports in your
```

application's deployment and service. More information can be found in Istio's documentation for [Protocol Selection][4]

By default, the service name used when creating traces is generated from the deployment name and namespace. This can be
set manually by adding an `app` label to the deployment's pod template.
For [CronJobs][5], the `app` label should be added to the job template, as the generated name comes from the `Job` instead
of the higher-level `CronJob`.

The environment for traces can be set on a per-deployment basis using the `apm.datadoghq.com/env` annotation.
```yaml
    metadata:
      annotations:
        apm.datadoghq.com/env: '{ "DD_ENV": "test" }'
```

> ### Running Agent as Deployment and Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running Agent as deployment and service
```

> If the Agents on your cluster are running as a Deployment and Service instead of the default DaemonSet, then an additional option is required, to specify the DNS address and port of the Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Agents on your cluster are running as a Deployment and Service instead of the default DaemonSet, then an additional option is required to specify the DNS address and port of the Agent.
```

For a service named `datadog-agent` in the `default` namespace, that address would be `datadog-agent.default.svc.cluster.local:8126`.

- `--set values.global.tracer.datadog.address=datadog-agent.default:8126`

> If Mutual TLS is enabled for the cluster, then the agent's deployment should disable sidecar injection, and add a traffic policy that disables TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Mutual TLS is enabled for the cluster, then the Agent's deployment should disable sidecar injection, and you should add a traffic policy that disables TLS.
```
